Document how many days ago the license expired (#2264)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/neo4j-admin-neo4j-cli.adoc

| `license`
| Accept the license agreement. Possible options are `--accept-commercial` for the link:https://neo4j.com/terms/licensing/[commercial] or `--accept-evaluation` for the link:https://neo4j.com/terms/enterprise_us/[evaluation license].
This command must be run before starting the Neo4j Enterprise Edition.

> Starting from Neo4j 2025.04, when evaluating a license, the command prints information about the days left until the license expires.

Reviewer: Maybe this instead: "...when using an evaluation license, the command prints information about the days remaining in the trial period."

> Starting from Neo4j 2025.04, when evaluating a license, the command prints information about the days left until the license expires.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from Neo4j 2025.04, when using an evaluation license, the command prints information about the days remaining in the trial period.
```

> If the license has expired, the command prints a warning with the number of days since the license expired.

Reviewer: If the evaluation license has expired

> If the license has expired, the command prints a warning with the number of days since the license expired.

Author: ```suggestion
If the evaluation license has expired, the command prints a warning with the number of days since the license expired.
```

| `license`
| Accept the license agreement. Possible options are `--accept-commercial` for the link:https://neo4j.com/terms/licensing/[commercial] or `--accept-evaluation` for the link:https://neo4j.com/terms/enterprise_us/[evaluation license].
This command is required to be run before starting the Neo4j Enterprise Edition.

> Starting from Neo4j 2025.04, the command log includes information about how many days ago the license expired.

Reviewer 2: Do we call the output of `neo4j-admin server license` the command log? 
I mean it's ok to use this expression 'the cmd log', but in our docs we usually use 'output'. All cases of using _log_ are usually related to logging and monitoring.

Author: I think here we are talking about both the command output and the neo4j.log file.

Author: I'll rephrase it. It's a good point.
